Prepare r2.1 (#26)
camaraproject/MostFrequentLocation: CHANGELOG.md

* for subsequent release-candidate(s), only the delta to the previous release-candidate
* for a public release, the consolidated changes since the previous public release

# r2.1

This **public release** contains the definition and documentation of
* most-frequent-location 0.2.0-rc.1

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.6.0-rc.1
* Identity and Consent Management v0.4.0-rc.1

## most-frequent-location v0.2.0-rc.1

> **most-frequent-location v0.2.0-rc.1 is the 1st public release of the Most Frequent Location API**

Author: ```suggestion
**most-frequent-location v0.2.0-rc.1 is the first pre-release of the Most Frequent Location API**
```
